petits
Glorifilibribilibibibibibibibibob
Heirless, calm, and silent brother
Glorifilibibibibibibibibibibob
He has no real love for them
Glorifilibibibibibibibibob
La la la la la la la
Glorifilibibibibibibibibibob
He has no real love for them
Glorifilibibibibibibibibibibob
La la la la la la la la
Glorifilibibibibibibibibibibb
He has no real love for them
O, the sun above us, la la la la la la la la la la
You are a man of the earth, la la la la la la la la
And we're a man of the earth, la la la la la la la la
Mother, you called me a woman, Mother, you called me a woman,
Come, bring back our hidden homeland, Come, bring back our hidden homeland,
Come, bring back our hidden homeland,